README.md, before:

# COMP4555-3D

![3D-Logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55112870/191079274-bb6823fe-5bff-41f3-9614-7973b5fea4aa.jpg)

# Controls + Instructions:

- Instructions:
    - Run the game from "main.py" file.

- Controls:
    - Dash: SPACEBAR.
    - Mute/Unmute music: M.
    - Movement: ARROW KEYS.
    - Change Theme: 1, 2, 3 and 4.

# Included mods:

- Color Theme Mod (by Daniel Faratro):
    Enables the user to switch between 4 preset color themes using keys 1 through 4 on the keyboard. This allows to user to select a preferred color scheme that may better suit their visual tastes and offer a more appealing visual experience with this rather simple game.
    
- Alternative physics:
    - Added different bounce physics when the ball hits the top/bottom of the paddle.
    - Added randomness to the bounce angle/speed of the ball.
    - This Mod adds increased variability and improves the expected behaviour of how the ball should bounce when hitting the paddle at an extreme angle.
    
- Powerup mod: 
    - 3 powerup submods that works for both the human and AI opponent depending on who hit the ball last. 
    - Powerups activate for a short time when the ball touches the powerup, Multiple powerups may be active at the same time.
    - dynamically displays text for the powerups are currently active in the top-left or top-right of the screen.
    - Every few seconds powerups spawn/reset at a random height at the center of the screen.
    - Each powerup has a unique colour to help identify it.
    - These mods provide a fun side objective to aim for and helps makes it temporarily easier/harder to score for added variability.
- Powerup Submods:
	- Ball size increase (Yellow) - Temporarily increases the size of the ball to make it easier to physically block the ball and easier to collect more powerups.
	- Paddle Size increase (Purple) - Temporarily increases the size of the paddle to make it easier to physically block the ball.
	- Paddle speed increase (Cyan) - Temporarily increases the paddle speed to make it easier to reach the ball from far away.

Commit message:

win/loss mod description added

README.md, after:

# COMP4555-3D

![3D-Logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55112870/191079274-bb6823fe-5bff-41f3-9614-7973b5fea4aa.jpg)

# Controls + Instructions:

- Instructions:
    - Run the game from "main.py" file.

- Controls:
    - Dash: SPACEBAR.
    - Mute/Unmute music: M.
    - Movement: ARROW KEYS.
    - Change Theme: 1, 2, 3 and 4.

# Included mods:

- Color Theme Mod (by Daniel Faratro):
    Enables the user to switch between 4 preset color themes using keys 1 through 4 on the keyboard. This allows to user to select a preferred color scheme that may better suit their visual tastes and offer a more appealing visual experience with this rather simple game.
    
- Alternative physics:
    - Added different bounce physics when the ball hits the top/bottom of the paddle.
    - Added randomness to the bounce angle/speed of the ball.
    - This Mod adds increased variability and improves the expected behaviour of how the ball should bounce when hitting the paddle at an extreme angle.
    
- Powerup mod: 
    - 3 powerup submods that works for both the human and AI opponent depending on who hit the ball last. 
    - Powerups activate for a short time when the ball touches the powerup, Multiple powerups may be active at the same time.
    - dynamically displays text for the powerups are currently active in the top-left or top-right of the screen.
    - Every few seconds powerups spawn/reset at a random height at the center of the screen.
    - Each powerup has a unique colour to help identify it.
    - These mods provide a fun side objective to aim for and helps makes it temporarily easier/harder to score for added variability.
- Powerup submods:
	- Ball size increase (Yellow) - Temporarily increases the size of the ball to make it easier to physically block the ball and easier to collect more powerups.
	- Paddle Size increase (Purple) - Temporarily increases the size of the paddle to make it easier to physically block the ball.
	- Paddle speed increase (Cyan) - Temporarily increases the paddle speed to make it easier to reach the ball from far away.
	- 
- Win/Loss Screen:
    - The game ends and displays an appropriate message when the score reaches 5 for either the player or the opponent, and the game will reset on any input.
    - This mod provides an objective for the player by providing a way to win the game.
